NAME
    Acme::BadExample - A bad example of Perl code

  DESCRIPTION
    One of the key principles behind the PPI perl document parser is that
    any given piece of Perl source exists in bizarre pseudo-quantum-like
    state, in that it demonstrates both duality and indeterminism. Bear with
    me for a second.

    It can be treated both a Perl "document", and as Perl "code". When
    treated as a document, it merely has to "look right", having the normal
    context and syntax. This means that anything "cleaned" with Acme::Bleach
    is not a valid Perl "document".

    When treated as Perl code, there is no way to know whether it is valid
    or not, until you look at it (i.e. until you actually execute it). In
    fact, because every single perl installation is slightly (or
    dramatically) different, you can never truly know that something is
    valid perl code until after it's been fully parsed.

    So any string of perl source can be a valid Perl document, valid Perl
    code, or both (or neither). Most of the time, thank god, it's both.

    Acme::BadExample is intended to serve as an example of a file that is a
    valid Perl document, but most definately not valid perl code. In fact,
    it should not be possible to run this on any installation of perl.

SUPPORT
    You're kidding right? I tell you what. If you can find some way to make
    this module run, I shall happily stump up a $100 reward, payable in your
    choice of American dollars, Australian dollars, or as a vertical metre
    of beer (cartons). Beer must be picked up in person :)

    Write a script capable of loading the file and post it to the CPAN bug
    tracker at:

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Acme%3A%3ABadExample>

    Because you can play all sorts of games with source filters (hell, I
    could write a source filter rewrite script), in order for the reward to
    be paid, the script must be accompanied by a patch to Acme::BadExample
    capable of repelling the same exploit.

AUTHOR
    Adam Kennedy (Maintainer), <http://ali.as/>, cpan@ali.as

SEE ALSO
    PPI, PPI::Manual

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (c) 2004 Adam Kennedy. All rights reserved. This program is
    free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
    terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

